Hardware options jw (#124)
bluerobotics/ardusub-gitbook: introduction/hardware-options/required-hardware/power-sensing-module.md

# Power Sensing Module

A power sensing module provides analog current and voltage sensing to an autopilot onboard the vehicle. ArduSub supports various modules in the firmware and when properly set, QGroundControl will give visual indications of battery level and current consumption.

# Recommended Power Sensing Modules

<img src="/images/hardware/psm.png" class="img-responsive img-center" style="max-height:600px;">

The following power sensing modules have been tested and recommended for use:

* [Blue Robotics Power Sense Module](https://bluerobotics.com/store/comm-control-power/elec-packages/psm-asm-r2-rp/)
    * Does not provide power to the autopilot, voltage and current sensing only.
* [Mauch HS Series Power Module](https://www.mauch-electronic.com/hs-sensor-product)
    * Requires an additional [4-14S Hybrid BEC](https://www.mauch-electronic.com/4-14s-hyb-bec) to power the board.
    
# Not Recommended Power Sensing Modules

> The following modules have been tested ant **not** recommended for use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following modules have been tested and are **not** recommended for use:
```
